Come, this one is
Nanning's famous male fan, I don't know if other cities have it. It is a shop that makes sense because he sells very seriously. This one is about twenty thirty baht. About one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and eight shells
Eight, thirty, eight, one, eight, three, twenty-four, four baht each
And then have a toothpick
There is a glove to be good when going to eat at Nanning. If they are eating chicken or eating them Anything that needs to be contaminated with hands will give us gloves.
Then Mr. Hotzia did not miss to try the nautilus. Male Fan Clam
This one is in Nanning. I don't know which city. It's too hard to put on.
Eat both to be patient and wait a bit. Beginners are wearing the first gloves in Nanning.
Wrong finger
Eat hard This part is the same as we eat common snails.
The snail shell is a snail shell. He will have hot water.
Not difficult. Actually, no need for gloves.
This is the Nanning male clam.
It's delicious. I want to get oil. The water in it is delicious.
Super hot.
Must slowly bend out Otherwise, you will not put it like this. Must be skillfully done a little
Water down Not before hot
Then two
Will be removed Rotate slowly
Don't let loose
Will fall off
He heard what he said. Which means? Where does the page mean?
For this, I can't take it out. The method is to suck straight on the ass first. And then sucked in the head
Can't miss it
Already three
That is lacking again
Tasting? Do you taste?
Taste a bit
Nanning shellfish
Again please
It is broken. Regret
How is it inside out?
No
Like oil slides like Vietnam's Kauai
Doing a concentrated knuckle like this I have to gradually do it to eat all the way. The method is to scoop it down and slowly spoon it out. Gently spoon it like this. It will all come out.
Hope Eggs
What
As soon as the game is over It's a crush. See?
What is it? It's a clam ball inside. Look like a baby like this. Could it be calcium?
Is this all out?
All out
The protagonist, the hero, must come to the back. This is very big.
Hopefully I will be able to complete this.
It's a little shaking. Oh. This is the end of the story.
Travel with Mr. Hotzia Do not stain hands at all